[Key Transparency] Add tile (#17048)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/key-transparency/index.mdx

sidebar:
  order: 1
head:
  - tag: title
    content: Key Transparency Auditor 

---

import { CardGrid, Description, Feature, LinkTitleCard, RelatedProduct } from "~/components"

<Description>

Secure the distribution of public keys in your end-to-end encrypted (E2EE) messaging systems

</Description>

Cloudflare's Key Transparency Auditor aims to secure the distribution of public keys for end-to-end encrypted (E2EE) messaging systems like [WhatsApp](https://engineering.fb.com/2023/04/13/security/whatsapp-key-transparency/). It achieves this by building a verifiable append-only data structure called a Log, similar to [Certificate Transparency](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Certificate_Transparency).

Cloudflare acts as an auditor of Key Transparency Logs to ensure the transparency of end-to-end encrypted messaging public keys. Cloudflare provides an API for anyone to monitor the verification work we perform, and verify the state of its associated Logs locally.

## Related products

<RelatedProduct header="Certificate Transparency Monitoring" href="/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-transparency-monitoring/" product="ssl">

> Certificate Transparency (CT) Monitoring is an opt-in feature in public beta that aims at improving security by allowing you to double-check any SSL/TLS certificates issued for your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certificate Transparency (CT) Monitoring is an opt-in feature in public beta that aims to improve security by allowing you to double-check any SSL/TLS certificates issued for your domain.
```
